#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves - new"
(Yves’ photo shooting is complete!)
All: Thank you for your work!
HaSeul: Today’s photo shooting is ended~
HeeJin, HaSeul: Good job~
Yves: Good job~
HeeJin: It’s our first time
HeeJin: To do a official photoshoot with our ninth member, right?
HaSeul: Right.
HeeJin: How was it?
Yves: I felt a bit awkward with a camera.
Yves: However, thanks for you two’s help, I could manage to do it.
HaSeul: I’m so glad that we helped you.
Yves: I became the ninth member of LOOΠΔ officially and came out like this.
Yves: I will try my best. So please give me a lot of love!
Yves: Thank you~
(Yves doesn’t debut yet, but her finger hearts and action looks so natural!)
Yves: Hehe, finger hearts~